EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/catalog_ui/catalog_ui.md

# Catalog UI

## Fields used in rendering

### Product list

![](../../img/catalog_ui_1.png)

|No|Attribute ProductNode|
|--- |--- |
|1|`catalogElement.name`|
|2|`catalogElement.sku`|
|3|`catalogElement.text`|
|4|Price from price engine|
|5|`catalogElement.mainImage`|

### Product detailpage

![](../../img/catalog_ui_2.png)

|No|Attribute ProductNode|Note|
|--- |--- |--- |

> |1|`catalogElement.mainImage`|The main image or the `imageList` can come from the filesystem directly|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1|`catalogElement.mainImage`|The main image or the `imageList` can come from the file system directly|
```
